
The purpose of this document is to gather information about the meetup:

* Critique more than welcome
* What was good?
* What was bad?
* What could be improved?

# Basics

## Orga

* Gregor Adams
* Diana ilithya
* Tim Pietrusky

## Forced volunteers

Forced in terms of: We did not think about having volunteers in the first place and these people helped us because they were at the event and we asked them that day for help OR they are just awesome and helped by themselvs:

* Felicitas Kugland (everything)
* Felix De Montis (photos)
* Martin Schuhfuss (lights & after party)
* Andr√© Ruffert (kitchen & registration)
* Alfred Rinman (kitchen)



# Feedback

## ‚ù§Ô∏è That was nice
* Streaming for the whole event
* The lightning talks / show & tell was super awesome! Extrem quality and variety
* Motivating the attendees to give a talk in the "open stage" slot was extremly awesome and we have to do this even more intense
* The workshops and "chill & pen" was super awesome
* The food was really good
* Sings for everything helped to find the way
* The speakers enjoyed the "speaker package" super much



## ü§î This can be improved
* There has to be a min. amount of volunteers (at least 3) that know what will happen at the event and are there to help all the time
* Grab the signal of the projector and record the screen of the presenter
* Preparing the food for 100 people was too much for the amount of orgas + "forced volunteers" and we have to think of something else or plan it better
* Time issues after the dinner
  * Tim thought that the dinner was too short, so he moved the final talks to 8pm
  * This was too late
* The MC has to watch every talk without any interruption
* Tweeting / photos of the current talk should be handled by a volunteer
* At least one volunteer dedicated to registration
* Live streaming should be saved on the harddrive
  * get better quality in the output file
* Live streaming should be fully tested before the day of the meetup (Video & Audio)
  * The quality of the stream should be improved
  * Audio was only recorded as mono
* Prints should be done before the day of the meetup


## ü§ì Ideas for next time
* Stream the workshop-area
* Walky-Talky / headsets for the orga team to give status updates all the time, without the need to meet in person
* Turn everything from the schedule into modules
* Use these modules to create a schedule & page automatically with times that change if there is something happening
* Connect to the Meetup-API and make changes only in our generated schedule
* Open stage: instead of calling this module "lightning talks" or "show & tell", we should call it open stage, because that is what it was. AND we want ANY content, not even related to dev
* Having one person doing all social media
* Ask for volunteers
* Put a CodePenDay sign on the speaker desk
* Point a camera on the speaker itself to record it for later edit
